Many of you come, Jordan.
Chair would like to welcome, on behalf of the committee, the guests who have come here today.
I'm going to start with the call to your attention if you're here for the first time.
The fact that there is a standing committee rule for bidding,
valuable manifestations of the provoked, or disapproved.
And you, who are in use of the uniform numbers of the capital police force, which is given for you,
and the plain, growing street force gathered in the office.
I have standing instructions from the committee to remove from the committee room immediately,
or I'm going to put polite lines.
Any of you who are reasons that know the yourself, either of the provoked,
the conditions under which you are in the room,
I, we have had just one of the provoked, the operations of the audience,
for these 16, one or two sessions that we have had with the committee,
and I'm sure that as the entry-what, with the Jenkins calls to provide a deal,
you will continue to give us that type of cooperation.
We have some of the thoughts on the standing,
some projections for competitive direct examination,
that must have yet to be in traffic domination,
and we'll continue with this time to traffic domination,
something that might have happened.
To overcome the continued air traffic domination,
we respect to the charges filed against you in your firm,
by students in the office.
I need you to stay here to look from here,
but you knew that you did not think that,
that, shine, but,
a traffic only is up to you,
that you feel that is correct, is it not?
No, I'm not.
Thank you.
For your way of the fact that,
I was on October 27th,
approximately one week before the date of the induction of this young man,
Mr. Cohen,
and the Army officials by a two-story,
follow-up by Mr. Shawn,
beginning as the date of his induction to written on the third.
Mr. Cohen mentioned that he was going to ask,
for a delay in Mr. Shawn's induction,
so I could finish up some work at first,
and I told him,
I thought that was all right,
and we talked about it a few days later, and decided,
that it will be unwise from the standpoint of the Army's press relations.
The next thing there is another attack,
Mr. Cohen, this is not correct,
but we understand it,
and a few days later,
we'll more or less,
count them under that request,
and I collect them in that assumption.
Well, if I talk to them over with the lawyer there,
they'll say that
we'll come here and worry about anything with the committee after he had been inducted,
and he says,
do these work?
The Army is evening after training on his weekends, and he was on duty.
And you still apply,
either as a secretary of the Army or a madam,
or as a duty,
or not,
I think that they have applied,
so I may have applied.
Anyway, you knew that everything was going to work,
but this,
chronologically now,
the request was made by the Chief Counsel for a two-week show-off,
you are some member of your staff,
a few days later,
how do members have the request?
And that's the right business.
Well, it's a holden slightly clear,
full of temporary duty in the New York area,
but we ask them to cancel that temporary duty
after the duty of Port Vic.
And we're not everyone to fail it.
And then I, today,
I think you have made known to the secretary or a madam
that you did not bring such.
They told him that,
you guys,
Mr. Colm,
subsequently making that type known to the Army,
Mr. Colm requested
that, shine me alive,
that we get involved
by a part of the first week,
by the first week of
our years to a duty.
Well, I think what Mr. Colm did,
the very call with Mr. Winning,
was very call my conversation was going.
This is just a new effect,
as it serves the authority of a term,
and nothing but the accomplished over the weekend,
and therefore Dave should say,
and work on that course over that weekend,
and be inducted on Monday morning.
So, there were three different conversations with the Army.
I was a secretary and Mr. Adams,
during the week of October 27th
to November 3rd,
with weapons today, shine,
and with weapons to
grinding hard and knife,
some unusual,
really jar of different things.
That's correct in the sense.
There were three conversations with you.
They're from the Army.
Then, suddenly, on November 6th,
the date of the luncheon at the Pentagon,
with Mr. Williams and Mr. Adams,
and until the year of Mr. Colm,
it's called,
the subject of way shine with the sights.
But you're not?
Only November 6th.
I beg your pardon,
I beg your pardon, Senator,
and if November 6th,
instead of November 6th,
you're referring now to the luncheon at the Pentagon,
that's correct.
I think Dave,
the shines in the green of an lens,
and however not the subject of the conversation.
Well, some days,
we understand that one of the subjects
of the conversation
was the investigation.
He was in conducting the observation of the Army,
and picking up the Port Mama.
That's correct, isn't it?
I'm sorry, I didn't get to talk about it.
We understand it, one of the subjects
discussed about luncheon at the Pentagon,
on November 6th,
was the investigation of the observation of the Army,
particularly the Port Mama.
Yes, we also discussed the
investigation of information programs
of the government printing office
compared to the federal cooperation we're getting.
So, probably,
Mr. Stemund,
what's the type we've got from other two luncheers?
And another subject,
and there was a shine, wasn't it?
Mr. Hagen's was very calm.
There was some discussion about
all in Dave's to have
all the time,
so he would not be intending
to work on his many works.
Now, Hagen,
don't time me down to date,
because November 6th,
I've been in him in particular,
but I know we did on occasion,
and Mr. Stemund was a great poet,
and I agree that
this was most favorite of Dave's time,
so I want him to work on committee work
from the other drafts,
these were
full engaging in recreation,
I think that's about five recreation centers,
and I think that's the fourth draft.
I think that's about,
right then.
Senator, allow me
to take your recollection
and I am calling
from a number
of mystical
dates
to the number six.
Well, just a little bit like that for them around them.
Listen to me.
I better do your check.
All right, let's do it.
Oh,
you told him
before in the season.
You were jammed up trying to get out of the post to style,
and with a moment in this division,
and a day shine was about to end the army,
and had much information
and material on the reports
and investigations,
and of me
could not get along without
Mr. Steven
said in the range to make the complete the work
over the game to make it any hour.
I think that's very correct for me
of the preparation,
but Mr. Steven said that he said there.
Well,
it was worked
after hours in the Manhattan training duty.
So, for the reason that he's four times now,
that the French defense
is showing with disgust
between you and your staff and the army,
and the French defense is affecting the staff.
Steven,
the team from October 27th to November 6th,
took me from four years before you mentioned this.
Some of you,
four months have been a lot.
From the time it was known,
the shine was to be in disgust,
until this request was made
in your sentence,
not Mr. Cone,
of the security army,
of the Pentagon,
of the Olympics.
That's correct, isn't it?
I'll just put the camera off
for a little move on the four months.
That's right.
Why, Senator McCartney,
was this young man not to
try to complete his work,
and get it up to base,
and get his reports to you.
Now, doing that so much
that he was known to you
and your staff that he was living in,
has had approximately the first of November.
Well, it's just a little bit of a reason why he was working
for nothing,
because it's very limited from the committee,
so when I did,
I hired a researcher,
very confident plan,
with the Chicago Bytes flag,
and so, trying to allow the likes of him,
to proceed to the right through the reports,
so, however, I have a day of interviewing witnesses,
he was very patient doing that,
worked all day long,
doing his paidy,
doing long distance calls,
and he called with the suits.
I looked,
so I did shift,
I tried to shift that work to Mr.
Carole Bytes flag.
So, for some reason,
you mean to call it,
call the committee,
that this boy had filed up
such a tremendous amount of work,
that he could not bring it up to date,
and get his work completed,
he made so much day to time,
when it was known,
that at the end,
there's not so much he was moving.
Mr. Dengol,
may I say a few,
if I'm right,
we're told he's not off all work,
and it's not all of the time working on the reports.
He could have had those reports ready,
I believe,
but the man he was inducted.
However, I felt that,
he was more valuable,
he was viewing Wittleson,
I had already researched your shoes,
give a job of drafting your reports.
I found that later,
that just didn't work out,
I had no reflection upon it,
to Bytes flag,
I found that the man who's merely read the records,
had not worked and lived with the subject,
couldn't have worked there,
but the way the number of reports we had,
the report on Baker East,
Baker West,
then all the proposed waste
of some 18 million dollars,
such as cancer,
about during our hearings,
where the report on the voice of America,
which is a radio space,
and all the information programs,
we had the income reports
from the information program of the whole,
we had also two of the projects,
which, incidentally,
had to drop from the design left,
because either the man who was supervising
and one was the investigation of that phase
of the information program
which had to do with movies,
and the other with crap.
So it was just a question of judgment,
now, whether I use good judgment or bad judgment,
or maybe open to arguments,
but, considering having been quit-quaking
and all these different opinions,
and since all these time and the reports,
I hired a researcher to find the reports.
The one to stand the subject of literature explanation,
is that childhood,
indeed, is being that former Canadian interwoven listening,
rather than bringing his records up to date
and completing his work,
I guess today, when he's here,
we can hear him committing.
Well, number one,
I assume it's the Jenkins that I,
of course, when I can't tell you
what any investigator did in today,
I, uh, have a job of chamomile
and the subcommittee on appropriations,
chamomile of the full-smitting and government operations,
I've been offered a tremendous amount of work,
I guess the end result of the work.
All I can tell you is that,
the person who wrote,
and Mr. Cohen and I are discussed with Mr. Cire,
a question of whether or not we should have devised,
uh, discontinue all work,
and plenty of time writing reports,
whether we should hire a researcher
to write the reports,
and a devise continue doing what he was doing,
and if I just have to have devise continue in our,
come the day,
be front-interview witnesses,
I know some days, be a ton of hearings,
hearings of witnesses who made interviews,
not sort of being,
but, uh,
I just can't tell you
what each and all of us together
was doing every minute of the day.
One day in short,
there is the future completed.
A number on your staff,
who was known to be subject to the work for a period of four months,
far too long ago,
by being a former state,
a pain in numerous telephone calls
and personal contacts were made on his behalf,
by being the least-thinking news of the disease,
and for several days I have to admit,
I think you now have now mentioned some four personal contacts
on behalf of this boy,
in an upper-tigurish furlough,
our prices over the weekend,
and he might get his work up.
Now, since the materials,
he's been talking rather of sustainable telephones,
a large waste of running office,
and to business,
and to allow this boy to form the university of time.
Without the calling, he means a knows-and-unsafe himself,
and he's a member of his father.
So the report's done so that he could go that on in the army
like every other private,
and serve like every other private.
Mr. Durban, where I,
I've heard of you,
we've just arrived at two furloughs
to show him how working for nothing brings one expert to us,
and I ain't for all that.
So we agreed that he could help us write their reports
on his off-time for the weekend,
and there's nothing training.
He did the hard work out very well.
He graduated as you know,
with a superior rating for Fort Bix,
his commanding officer at Camp Gordon,
a bit of a general forward that has been general-hard.
May they public statement that he can fit any one of his bank
and can't put this verbatim to one of his outstanding drafties.
So it has been proven, Mr. Jenkins,
that we did follow the right course,
that Mr. Shane did do his work,
otherwise he could not end up with a superior rating as a trainee,
and one of the outstanding soldiers at Camp Gordon.
And you see, Mr. Mr. Trichett,
isn't there...
You recall his mother's call of November 7th
as we go in the record I'm sure.
You have to identify and kill that other copy of it.
But they...
This is one of the final copies of that.
But call it on.
That's the day following this luncheon
is November 6th in the Pentagon.
It's on the record.
He calls it now.
Look, I have a copy of it by Trust me.
It's in the record, I know.
I wonder if it's...
One of those things that get me...
It's November 6th, it's December 6th, 1984.
Can I have you the record, or the original...
Well, I think we have it right here.
There's Mr. Jim Juliana going to the record for the Senate.
He had it in the world.
And the last is to find Carman, the Senate.
The Carving on the right is to write one of the back comments.
Jim Juliana.
Don't search in the record.
It's nothing.
We'll just save time with your hand at me.
It's in 1984.
I'm sorry, I didn't know the next day.
Carman, he's the Senate.
I think we have it right now.
All right, Mr. Dragon.
And I'm leading the House on the Senate.
This testimony is a special, well-mannered call.
The Senate is leading it again.
Oh, the Senate can get all three games.
Base, Roy, play.
The Senate is leading it again.
The Senate is just there.
The Senate is leading it.
It is one of the things I have seen in you...
...completely unreasonable about.
They will question me that statement.
If you're a conversation with the Secretary on the November cover...
I am inclined to think so, that is.
Now, third of the matter is...
...that the statement will select the truth...
...that he is one of the few things that is the subject of day shine...
...that Mr. Colman is unreasonable about.
That's good. I didn't send him a copy.
And all of the enemies should be in all candy.
When in all kinds of broken in the Roy night...
...this agreed. He felt that...
...it would be necessary for a day to send all of these off-terms...
...working on the reports.
I felt that a recession with your advice lying...
...could write the reports about tuna seeds...
...and they, if I could get you the records...
...it could blow the oil, it could, and right.
I found that...
...and what I'm not confident with your advice lying was...
...the cold record did not give him a picture.
After Mr. Barthler, I had written a draft of the report.
I sent it back down there, and sent it down a day...
...it had him work on it.
And we had, I think, about...
...how many three or four drafts.
Three or four drafts were reports before we got a report...
...that I was satisfied with.
And while I thought that Roy was wrong...
...I think that we're unreasonable as much...
...should not be used, I should say wrong.
I thought Roy was wrong, I thought we could...
...get along with maybe one or two weekends...
...and months of Barthler I could get down and talk to.
And there...
...I found that Mr. Cohen was right...
...and that we had to have this work done by Mr. Shine...
...because he had been living it and eating it and sleeping it...
...and breathing it for a month and a month...
...finishing all the licenses.
And if you will check the reports, I think you will agree with me...
...Mr. Jenkins that he did.
And for the next one job and also...
...when I said in view of his superior ratings in training...
...it appears that this work certainly did not interfere with his training.
And then anything Mr. Jenkins...
...I just can't see how many special favors...
...for a driver to allow him to work...
...when the other pilots are out on recreation...
...going to dance through, going to the recreation hall.
And as I recall the testimony...
...Mr. Shine never avoided any duty of any kind.
All the means of duty works and I think you should get very cut off from that...
...and sort of cut off.
So here is the timely complete of his work with his committee...
...as it turns up on date on the reports Mr. Jenkins' yet...
...but the occasions I was there with him last week...
...I asked Roy to contact me there and ask you about certain individuals...
...over the voice of America, the main information program...
...who have certain additional information...
...I think the matter will be on that, but I assume...
...as long as we see that whether I am information program intensive...
...I will have to answer the comments to Shine...
...those calls will not interfere with his duty I guarantee you.
But generally, I too shine when two camps go out...
...in your committee function right on smoothly and efficiently as I do that...
...with Mr. Jenkins' yet to express the whole organization duty.
...with Mr. Jenkins' we drop through investigations.
We drop the investigation of the motion picture branch of the information program...
...we drop the investigation of the cross-section of the information program...
...there's Mr. Shine had not left our committee.
He would have continued on our motion investigations...
...I feel, since they are very important, the investigation required...
...if I even have the same...
...yes, I am with that attention to your committee secretary...
...I think every investigator in Mr. Jenkins' and essential...
...we can get along with anyone, with any two.
There's no man who is indisputable, I do not have the responsibility...
...to appoint him and I'm here to know where the investigation is.
An investigator, an individual member of your staff.
I heard Mr. Bartflying to do the work that Mr. Shine was doing.
There's some of the inhibitions he was telling the secretary of the Army...
...on November 7th that one of the things that Rory was completely unreasonable about...
...was the subject of Bill Shine.
In this weather and I think...
...he, me, why?
Things may be a general.
And work from the pit hospital without us.
The investigation has really reflected...
...the legal farmer's carcass estimates and the trace of Bill Shine is that type of...
Mr. Jenkins, I'm sure that no one reading this...
...I think that this was a serious comment.
Bob Stevens and I were in good terms.
We ripped each other back and forth.
We ripped Rory and he certainly, no one could think that I thought...
...I should be a general working from the penthouse of the Waldorf.
No, but Senator McCarty, you were just investigating the importance of...
...they, Shine Banding, you talk with the secretary.
You had been nice with the day before.
I knew the hood Mr. Colme asked the secretary...
...to allow Shine to have the first two weeks...
...that he, but for all the projects that are in the army...
...half of the week in the army in space in New York City, area.
You heard that, hadn't you?
I heard the testimony.
Yes, sir.
And, shall we go?
You mean that the testimony isn't correct about that?
You answered one question, which I haven't answered.
You said it was by the Saturday day of Shine.
The answer is no.
Thank you, sir.
I told Bob Stevens and the flutter...
...and, uh...
...it's rather chopped up on the circuit here.
It wasn't the flutter.
I said that he was a good man, but he wasn't indispensable.
And I asked you for the signature.
If you didn't pay, say it says it's expected by the monitor.
The monitor's called.
I think they're right.
You get me a page with a number and fifty-three.
Eighth and eight.
The future in the area.
Right, sir.
Put it all.
Mr. Baker, talking with Mr. Baker.
Mr. Baker's 15th post.
And the president would be calling you not to pay favorit...
...because anyone is on a committee.
I think the wise states that he's been letting them back.
For me, James, our益ing story is very, very good.
I won't get too much.
Maybe if they say these are odds, they don't work on that.
Not something that might be...
...you are right.
Husting the 60-kays Army to let this young man...
...who needs to say why, or am I reasonable about?
And who needs to say why, wants to be a general running the Army...
...from a fair out from the border?
I know, Mr. Jenkins.
Let's not speak that too much.
We both know that.
That had to be a facetious remark.
There we are.
Both with the facetious when you ask the 60-k...
...to let this young man off for weekends...
...are something so he won't get too old soon.
Mr. Jenkins.
The question is facetious.
What do you think of the day before that on the 6th?
We had to cut the matter of bomb statements.
The drawings and I deferred about the drawings...
...but no one else would be able to write the reports.
And why was proven right?
I felt that I'm research-shaking right for reports.
They've got to take this conversation connection with that.
Obviously, the secretary wouldn't think that...
...after I told him to give this young man no special favors...
...that I wanted him to release.
So he could see his girlfriend because of every private...
...if he released her from weekends...
...and they can see their girlfriend's lovely once I believe.
What's the two-spin man?
That even suspicion was hard to restrict the shine...
...between the dates of October 27th and November 7th...
...are he paid about 11 days.
For 50 minutes and a minute Mr. Jenkins, I think...
...that we should read the first paragraph of this...
...monitor's call into the record...
...so there can be no question about the tenure of the Congress.
Have there been objections he's doing this period?
But first I'd like to make a question please.
Mr. Barnes, it's two to five.
Now the day's shine.
I've been discussed with the secretary of the Army...
...I had them reading the speech...
...after the 27th and November 7th are the battle of the days.
That's the election.
I believe that's the failure.
Now you may be the first factor.
Here's the monitored calls.
I say I don't like this idea of these dropping...
...but here I think it's on a form of valuable service.
Keep in mind that the secretary knew that the call was being used...
...grap down I did not.
And...
...you know what I said?
I said Bob, did that work out all right?
You were set up for action yesterday?
Yes, it did, Joe.
So we'd gone down.
I'd like to ask you one personal favor.
For God's sake, don't put day them service...
...and I'm not finding them back to my committees.
From three standpoints.
One, I couldn't get away with it any more than a week.
The new faceless would be back on us...
...the friend of a son, grabbing a man...
...and you'd have to send him back in uniform anyway.
Two, this thing is running long so cleanly so far.
They have not been able to beat your brims up.
There's nothing the left wingers would like better.
They don't like this cooperation between the Committee and the Army.
And the third thing they would say I asked for it.
He was a good boy, but there's nothing indispensable about him.
From my death today I can pick up letters...
...and perhaps half a dozen mothers.
Some of his boys are in worst shapes and days.
And if it would be embarrassing, it's hell to me.
Now, the friends are the garb of our again embarrassing.
It's not a mean that if I were asked for something for a day...
...and not for the other boys...
...you'll find there Mr. Jenkins, I made it very clear...
...that there were vast numbers of cases.
What is in my death is that I said this very day...
...from young men who needed special consideration.
Far worse than they have shined it, and I said, for God's sake, don't give him any.
I keep in mind with the Jenkins, I didn't know this was being monitored.
So that I think that this bill serve a rather useful purpose.
I think the conversation beyond that I think should be taken in the light of this request.
This request, that he not give him special consideration.
So I point out that there are many other young men who have...
...must be able to reason to get special consideration.
So this is Mr. Adams over here in the room...
...complete the bat Roy Cohn's abuse of him on account of Dave Shind.
No, sir.
The Eucalyptus testimony of Mr. Adams...
...let on December 9th, even to you and complain that...
...that Mr. Coln had been abusing him about Dave Shind.
The Eucalyptus testimony of the guy he called him.
He's testimony.
To appreciate your collection, Senator, I ought to read it to you.
Please 25-70 to the record.